de/quele/proxysystem/events/ProxyEvents.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.events.ProxyEvents
de/quele/proxysystem/discord/commands/HelpCommand_Discord.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.discord.commands.HelpCommand_Discord
de/quele/proxysystem/discord/utils/Colors_Discord.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.discord.utils.Colors_Discord
de/quele/proxysystem/discord/core/Command_Discord.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.discord.core.Command_Discord
de/quele/proxysystem/discord/DiscordManager.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.discord.DiscordManager
de/quele/proxysystem/discord/commands/PingCommand_Discord.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.discord.commands.PingCommand_Discord
de/quele/proxysystem/commands/TeamChatCommand.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.commands.TeamChatCommand
de/quele/proxysystem/commands/ServerConnectCommand.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.commands.ServerConnectCommand
de/quele/proxysystem/events/ServerEvents.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.events.ServerEvents
de/quele/proxysystem/discord/core/CommandManager_Discord.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.discord.core.CommandManager_Discord
de/quele/proxysystem/discord/utils/Config_Discord.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.discord.utils.Config_Discord
de/quele/proxysystem/commands/ProxySystemCommand.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.commands.ProxySystemCommand
de/quele/proxysystem/events/ChatEvents.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.events.ChatEvents
de/quele/proxysystem/commands/WhereamiCommand.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.commands.WhereamiCommand
de/quele/proxysystem/commands/HelpCommand.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.commands.HelpCommand
de/quele/proxysystem/commands/JoinMeCommand.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.commands.JoinMeCommand
de/quele/proxysystem/commands/WhereisCommand.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.commands.WhereisCommand
de/quele/proxysystem/commands/ServerCommand.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.commands.ServerCommand
de/quele/proxysystem/commands/PingCommand.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.commands.PingCommand
de/quele/proxysystem/commands/GlobalChatClearCommand.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.commands.GlobalChatClearCommand
de/quele/proxysystem/ProxySystem.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.ProxySystem
de/quele/proxysystem/commands/BroadcastCommand.java
 de.quele.proxysystem.commands.BroadcastCommand
